hello we're all here in another
tutorial that we are here to download
last in ultimate spiderman or spiderman
3 what is this is one of my videos and
nothing let's start good first thing
what we have to do is leave the
programs that you need in health
torrent to download
the game file and then the diamond
tools ok we have to download this
archive
than this file when it is downloaded with
it when it is downloaded with the torrent
well I'll do a demonstration let's
here
we opened it I said ok and it was unloaded
I take it off because I already have it
we closed this
OK later
we are going to download
and you will get a winrar file
or any other file but that is
this one here
good and when do you when yes with the
from emotools
we do this that is this the motorcycle
we open it
and wait
disassemble and then when to do it
which we need to give to this button
we give spiderman 3
downloads that is this then it will come out
riding image
mounts
OK
Ok, this will come out to you and you will expose that
download that jce installs
we closed the moon tours and then
when I ask you when I tell you not to
that does not work the east that the games
that you have to download the crack is
this crack
then when I downloaded it I will
this file this file what are you going to
do is copy it
and the team
local disk in program studies
activision spiderman 3 and then here you
dais to paste can replace but as
we already copied him closed and so to you
installed spiderman 3 in case you want
play so I hope you like the
video to x favorites and see you in another
tutorial or video goodbye